[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Well,
welcome to "Beyond Belief."
Dr. Lauren Cielo back with us,
a clairvoyant healer, teacher,
and author who helps people tap
into their own special gifts
and gain back energy that
they might have lost.
Lauren, welcome back
to "Beyond Belief."
>>LAUREN CIELO: Thanks, George.
It's great to be here.
Thanks for inviting me.
>>NOORY: I continue
to get great response
from your appearances in
previous "Beyond Belief" shows.
So do you still get that
reciprocal response too?
>>CIELO: Absolutely.
Even from the very first
show back in, I think, 2013?
Yes, way back.
>>NOORY: Well, that's great.
>>CIELO: Thank you.
>>NOORY: What is a
clairvoyant healer?
>>CIELO: Well,
think of other types
of healers in this industry,
like maybe a massage therapist
or a Reiki master.
They can't really see the energy
that they're trying to move.
So by turning on
your third eye, you
can actually see what you're
trying to shift and know
if it does shift or not.
But I think there's something
more important than that.
There's something about
just seeing someone,
to witness someone.
And so when that
happens, the person
starts to shift and change.
We call it like a spirit
to spirit hello or namaste,
the god in me sees
the god in you.
And sometimes, that's the
most powerful healing.
>>NOORY: Is the person
who is being healed
have to be a believer?
>>CIELO: No, and they don't
even have to know they're
being healed.
>>NOORY: Really?
You can do this without them
knowing what's going on?
>>CIELO: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: How does that work?
>>CIELO: Well, the contract,
if we thought of it
that way, that I have with
the person that I'm working on
is really with
their higher self.
So if they make it
all the way to where
I'm casting my clairvoyant
awareness on them,
then there's already a contract.
Otherwise, I would never
be motivated to do it.
So them here on Earth, they
may not know I'm doing it,
but their higher self does.
>>NOORY: Let's go all the way
back when you were a child.
Did you have this ability?
>>CIELO: Gosh no.
>>NOORY: You did not.
So it came later in life?
>>CIELO: I'm trained
I'm formally trained.
And so I had to be
shown how to do it.
>>NOORY: Who trained you?
>>CIELO: I was trained at the
Psychic Institute in San Diego.
So the teaching
that I was taught
and that I teach other people
all over the world, teachers
all over the world, for sure.
>>NOORY: Did you
have an epiphany?
What made you get
into that field?
>>CIELO: No, I tricked
myself into it.
>>NOORY: You did?
>>CIELO: Yes, of course
I was an engineer.
And I saw a flyer at Whole
Foods for a Psychic Institute.
>>NOORY: A flyer at Whole Foods.
>>CIELO: And that's what
started this whole thing.
So I never thought I
would leave engineering.
I was 44 years old.
You don't leave a career at 44.
So I was playing with
this psychic technique
and I got laid off.
So I thought, maybe I should
try to hang out my shingle.
>>NOORY: That was your calling.
>>CIELO: So I did, and the rest
is history, with your help.
>>NOORY: Tell us a little
bit about how it works.
>>CIELO: OK, so I think the
words are deceiving, George.
When I say that I see energy,
that's not the right word.
To see means that
photons are hitting
the optic nerves of my eyes.
>>NOORY: And that's
not the way it is.
>>CIELO: That's not it.
What's happening is energy
is hitting my third eye.
So probably the closest I could
compare it to is dreaming.
>>NOORY: Well, you
know how a blind person
can see by touching.
They can't obviously
see with their eyes.
They're blind.
But when they touch
a face or an object,
they can see it in their mind.
Is that a little bit
like what you do?
>>CIELO: That's exactly it.
And the mind's eye, I always
wonder why do we have it?
Why do Homo sapiens--
why can they
imagine an image in their mind?
Well, I think it's
really important.
I think probably
before we could even
speak, before we
evolved into language,
that we were communicating by
showing each other pictures--
telepathy.
>>NOORY: Absolutely.
Well, the cave people would
make etchings on cave walls.
>>CIELO: The abstract
ability to think.
It's very interesting.
>>NOORY: Does everybody
have this ability or can
they have this ability?
>>CIELO: Well, I think so.
But if you're raised around
people who never walk upright,
then you don't walk upright.
So I think there's a lot
more that human beings can do
but they just don't realize it.
So I think everybody can do it.
And maybe I could give you
a little demonstration.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>CIELO: Excellent.
So if you could close your eyes.
And then just like a child does,
imagine out in front of you,
I don't know, let's
say a yellow circle.
And it may not look to
yellow and it may not
look too much like a
circle, but right now
that's how your clairvoyance
sees a yellow circle.
And then next to it, maybe
you'll imagine a blue triangle.
And it may not look
too blue and it may not
look too much like a
triangle, but right now
that's how your
clairvoyance sees it.
Now, here's the trick.
Would you now please allow--
and we'll say the supreme
being, the highest
energy that you recognize.
Would you allow
the supreme being
to create, I don't know,
let's say, a green oval.
Now, it may not look
too green and it may not
look too much like an
oval, but right now
that's how you see it.
So the difference between
the first two shapes
and the third shape is
you created the first two,
but you read an image
that somebody else created
in the third one.
So you have to kind of get used
to what your clairvoyance looks
like.
So practice helps.
>>NOORY: I was going to say.
The more you do it,
the better you get.
>>CIELO: I think so.
It's a muscle.
>>NOORY: Clairvoyancey--
there are four clairs
that people refer to.
What are they?
>>CIELO: Well it's
claircognizance,
which is the crown chakra.
>>NOORY: That's one.
>>CIELO: Clairvoyance,
clairaudience,
and clairsentience.
>>NOORY: And which one
is the most important
or do they all work in
tandem with each other?
>>CIELO: They actually
do work in tandem.
When I'm reading somebody,
I use the upper three.
So I'll get information.
I think it's what's
easiest for me to pick up.
So can we do another
little example?
>>NOORY: OK.
>>CIELO: OK, so let's pick a--
>>NOORY: Do I have to
close my eyes again?
>>CIELO: If you want to,
or you can keep them open.
Let's pick the
Archangel Michael.
Now, let's say you want
to talk to Michael.
So it's best to start by asking
questions of him about him.
See what he says.
>>NOORY: About
Archangel Michael?
>>CIELO: Yeah, and then once
you get a communication channel
with him, then you can
start asking about you.
So let's say right
now that you're
going to ask the
Archangel Michael what's
his favorite color.
And then notice how
you got that color.
Something came to you.
Did you see it?
>>NOORY: Was it remote viewing?
>>CIELO: Did you hear it
or did you just know it?
And then let's say you ask
him, if you had a favorite day
of the week, which would it be?
Now, everybody watching
this got a day of the week,
but how did you get it?
Did you know it, did you
see it, or did you hear it?
And in doing that with
a being that you know--
everybody knows
Archangel Michael--
then you start to
get your confidence.
And you're like, oh, when I talk
to Michael, I hear his answers.
So now that I got that down,
I'm going to ask about me.
So it's really not
difficult at all.
I think the only
thing that holds
people back is they don't
trust what they're getting.
>>NOORY: On the "Open
Minds" Gaia program,
intuitive Mariana Cooper
talked about an exercise
that people can do to
establish what you're talking
about this clair ability.
>>MARIANA COOPER: We're all
born with all four clairs.
So we're born with the
capacity to all of them,
but we usually have what I
call one screensaver clair.
One default, one that
we kind of naturally--
and one of the best examples
that was taught to me
is to ask yourself, when
you go to a movie, what
do you remember the most?
So when you walk
out of the movie,
do you first comment
on the relationship
that the characters were having?
Do you first comment on
the score or the music?
Are you the one who always
knows the set, the curtains,
and the furniture?
Or are you the one who knew the
end of the movie before it got
started?
From the beginning,
you knew the end.
If you're the type
that looks at the set,
you're more likely
that you're defaulting
on clairvoyance, your visual.
If you remember the score,
and that's how you are moved,
clairaudience is
your dominant clair.
If you knew the end of
the movie before the end,
your claircognizance,
kind of that knowing,
was your dominant clair.
And if you were sobbing
and thoroughly involved
in the relationship
with the characters,
that's your clairsentience.
So when you know what
that dominant clair is--
>>REGINA MEREDITH: That's
a good little exercise
for people to go away
with and think about.
And then you know what
to start looking for.
Yeah no, that's very
good distinction.
And sometimes you're
all of the above.
>>COOPER: Eventually, you
do have all of the above.
So if you want to be
a professional channel
or professional at this,
you do develop all four.
And that's how when
you go to a psychic
or a professional intuitive,
that's what they're doing.
They're using all four.
They may say, oh,
I'm a clairvoyant.
When they sit with you
or they're listening
to you on the phone, they're
getting all four about you
in some way, shape, or form and
just concentrate on the one.
>>MEREDITH: And is
that the case with you?
>>COOPER: Yes.
>>MEREDITH: That's
all of the above.
>>COOPER: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Lauren, if
Mariana is correct,
if people have the ability
to capture all four
of these so-called clairs,
what does that make you?
I mean, that's got
to make you pretty
proficient in the
clairvoyant field.
>>CIELO: Well I'll tell you.
What I think is all
of us are picking up
the very same
information, but it's
about where your
awareness is pointed.
So the more you start-- and
it's very subtle, George.
It's much more
subtle than anything
here on the Earth plane.
So you got to catch
it when it's hot.
So when I'm reading
somebody, I already
know the answer to the
question before they're
done phrasing the question.
So it comes fast and
it's really easy to do.
I wish I could just sit
everybody down and show them
their clairvoyance the way
somebody showed me mine.
>>NOORY: Is it like intuition?
>>CIELO: Well, I do think
that intuition is probably
a word that describes
all four of the clairs.
But what I think the biggest
difference for the viewers
is to think of intuition
as opposed to logic.
So if I was teaching a
logic class like calculus,
the student would have
one correct answer,
out of all of the things
in the world, one number.
But in intuition, there's
never just one answer.
So it takes a while for
our logical left brain
to catch on to that.
And I think people
are afraid, when
they read other people, that
they're going to get it wrong,
but know what you're
going to pick up
is what that person
needs to hear.
So there's never
just one answer.
There's many.
>>NOORY: Do most people
know they have this ability?
>>CIELO: I didn't.
>>NOORY: You didn't?
>>CIELO: Absolutely not.
>>NOORY: Did you think it
was just part of your being?
>>CIELO: Well, I think until
somebody sat me down and talked
me through it step by
step, and then said, OK,
what are you
experiencing now, Lauren?
What are you picking up?
I was like, oh my gosh, I
am picking something up.
And once the person
who was teaching me
validated it for me, then
I'm like, this is it?
This is what clairvoyance is?
This is super easy.
>>NOORY: What are
the signs out there
for people to realize
they have this ability?
>>CIELO: I think, first of
all, desire to have it grow,
to learn more about it,
because we're all clairvoyant.
We just don't realize that we're
picking up that information.
And I would say that
probably most of us
are more used to
the other clairs.
Like when you think
of a song and you
turn on the radio,
that kind of thing.
So I think personally that
clairvoyance is a little bit
more, I don't know-- maybe
you need help to perfect it.
To really trust
what you're seeing.
>>NOORY: To polish it?
>>CIELO: Yeah, to polish it.
That's the word.
>>NOORY: Well, but once you
do, you can do amazing things
with that stuff.
>>CIELO: I still
freak myself out.
Some of the things
I see, sometimes I
think, well, maybe I
shouldn't comment on that.
And then I kind of
get hung up on it.
So I'm like, OK I got to say it.
And when I say it, the
person goes, oh my gosh,
I can't believe you knew that.
And I can't believe it either.
I'm just doing the same
thing I do all the time
the way I was trained.
It's very much like
a sport or maybe even
a military exercise where
you just train over and over.
So you're just really
doing the same thing.
But the way the
person reacts to it
is always kind of surprising.
>>NOORY: I bet you had
this gift for a long time.
You just didn't realize it.
You didn't look at the
signs that were there,
and probably you're more
tuned into that now.
>>CIELO: And maybe
I didn't really
think of it as a valuable tool.
What would I do with it?
>>NOORY: It's a good
hunch thing though too.
To have this ability, you can
use it in your everyday life.
Well,
>>CIELO: I think the great
thing about being clairvoyant
is it takes your awareness
from the daily things that
are going on and it
gives you a bigger
overarching understanding.
I'll give you a good example.
I do end of the year
readings, like helping
people look at the
energy for the next year.
And so when our lives
changed so quickly
at the beginning of 2020, I
went back to those readings.
So what was I picking up?
And
I do remember a very
interesting energy
that kept showing up
on people's readings
that I'd never seen before.
And it was a global
community healer.
That the people I was reading
would be needed for some reason
to heal their
community or the world.
And I never saw that in
those readings before.
They might do healings
with their family or maybe
a professional healer, but
nothing on a worldwide scale.
So when I went back
and looked, I'm
like that's the shift
that we're living through.
But the way I saw it wasn't
that something terrible
is going to happen.
No, you're going to
get a chance to be
a healer to the entire planet.
So that's what
clairvoyance does.
It might take the nitty
gritty of the day,
but then puts it into a really
big tapestry that you can maybe
get a better understanding of
your role in what's coming up.
>>NOORY: Do you find that
trauma accentuates this or does
it diminish it, the
ability to be clairvoyant?
>>CIELO: Well, I'll say this.
I think that people
that go into it,
that search out this type of
ability, have been traumatized.
It's the wounded healer.
Something has to
motivate you in your life
to seek out more than just
what you see in front of you,
and that's usually trauma.
So yes, I do think that
people who have been hurt--
and that's why we write
those contracts, to be hurt.
>>NOORY: Well, the big
question about trauma
is there's a rocket scientist
and self-help author, Olympia
LePoint, who talks about
trauma and its ability
to really magnify clairvoyancey.
>>OLYMPIA LEPOINT:
What trauma does
is it turns off our
frontal brain lobes.
It freezes it up.
So take a simple example.
So if you're
studying mathematics
and you don't know
how to do it--
>>MEREDITH: Brain freeze.
>>LEPOINT: Brain freeze.
And you're like, oh my god.
And that was the reason
why I wrote my first book
"Mathaphobia" was
because there's
so many kids freezing
their brain when
they go to mathematics.
But then amplify
that 1,000 times.
Whenever we go through
a stressful situation,
our brain freezes
up 1,000 times more.
And it's like paralyzing.
And so we have a couple
of different responses.
And so when I was
writing this book,
I was really
writing it because I
wanted to understand
how I got through this.
And the science, it
was fascinating to me
because I didn't know how I
overcame these situations.
And I was like, how could I
explain this to somebody else
so they can overcome
their situations too.
And the only way that
I knew how to do it
is to apply the math to it.
And what I realized is
that we have a brain flow.
It connects us.
Our frontal brain lobes connect
to our striatum in our brain,
and brain connects
us to our body.
And not only that,
our brain connects us
to this outside world, this
gigantic field around us
that we have this
power to walk in.
>>MEREDITH: And the way
you put it, after trauma,
the brain can either go into
shutdown mode and freeze
or you can go to
rapid expansion mode,
but it really becomes a
matter of will and choice.
And talk about how this
complex works together now.
>>LEPOINT: Thank you so much.
I created a term
called the triabrain.
It is a three-sided brain.
It's the left,
right, and center.
And the left side
is very logical,
what I've been doing for
years with the science
and technology,
engineering, mathematics.
The right side is
very expressive,
the ability to public
speak and to be
out there and share messages.
But going through my
mother's situation
and going through all that,
I've realized that there
was a faith side of the brain.
That will, that drive,
that part of you
that comes out in
the middle of chaos.
>>MEREDITH: The divine
expression of self.
>>LEPOINT: Yeah.
And that part is
embedded in the brain.
>>NOORY: Clearly, a
scientist's interpretation.
>>CIELO: Wow, that was
really interesting.
I think that's probably why
I'm clairvoyant, the trauma.
>>NOORY: What if you
don't go through trauma?
Do you miss something?
Do you lose something?
>>CIELO: You know what, I
think we're all traumatized.
Even being born is a trauma.
>>NOORY: Well, that's
trauma-- being born.
So comfortable for nine months,
and then here we are, right?
>>CIELO: It's downhill
from there, some might say.
So I think all of us
have been traumatized.
It just depends on whether we
want to pull it out and take
a look at it or not.
>>NOORY: If somebody has
had some past traumas, how
can clairvoyance
help them heal that?
>>CIELO: Well when
I read, there's
really only two things I see.
And I could see
energy that looks
like a color or information
that looks like little images.
And that's all you are.
So if I use my
clairvoyance, I can
see where you're
traumatized and it's just
little pieces of information.
So then I switch over
to be the healer,
and I send Ankaijia,
the healing master,
in to start to try to remove
all of them from your field.
So it's probably easiest to
think of a clairvoyant healing
as a talk therapy on steroids.
Because when you
go to talk therapy,
you're describing one of
those pictures, your trauma.
And you're telling
it to somebody else.
And you're releasing
a lot of energy.
Until finally, when
you look at that event,
you're not hurt anymore.
So you don't have
to go to therapy.
Or you could just have a
clairvoyant healer take
that information out of you.
You don't have to look at it.
It was there, now it's gone.
>>NOORY: So a lot of concern
with people nowadays,
people are upset about just
about everything, Lauren.
And how did they get through
this without falling apart?
>>CIELO: I think
bigger pictures.
And I think, again, that's
what clairvoyance does,
it shows you that we're not
in a dangerous situation
on this planet.
We're not going
towards our extinction.
Instead, there's this
new world emerging.
And just like talking about
mothers and their children,
neither one of them had a great
experience during that birth,
but what comes after it
enriches their life forever.
So we're on the forward lean.
It may feel like we're back
on our heels but we are not.
>>NOORY: Interesting
take of all of this.
How long have we
had clairvoyancey?
Since the beginning of mankind?
>>CIELO: Absolutely.
Before language.
>>NOORY: Was it a gift from God?
>>CIELO: I think it's
built into the design.
So it's my body that's
psychic, not my awareness, not
my conscious.
>>NOORY: You think
it's a natural thing?
>>CIELO: If I can calm Lauren
down enough and stay in Lauren
and use Lauren's chakras to
read, then it's really easy.
But if Lauren's excited
or anxious, I can't get in
and I can't stay in.
So that's part of the
first training idea,
is to show somebody how
to stay in their body
and use their chakras.
>>NOORY: What about
some people who don't
react to their clairvoyancey?
They have it but they don't
listen to that little voice.
>>CIELO: Yeah, I think
it's probably fear.
When we arrive, we
arrive with information
from all of our other lives.
But then as we're
socialized in our society,
there are certain things
that, again, aren't valued.
In other words,
being clairvoyant
isn't really valued.
So it's pushed off to the
side, and you may not even ever
know that you're receiving
clairvoyant information.
>>NOORY: What an
incredible gift, though,
if you can continually
use it for just about
everything you do.
>>CIELO: I'm telling you,
it has changed my life.
I have learned so much.
The people that I read,
that watch your show,
their higher selves
are so super genius.
They're my teachers.
I've learned how the
universe works, I think.
It's a working model.
I think I understand better
what happens when we pass away.
I think I understand
better how we get here.
And they're the teachers.
>>NOORY: Can one
experiment with us, Lauren,
where you can perfect it
and get better and better?
>>CIELO: I've thought a
lot about that, George.
One of the things I'm interested
in now is chakra settings.
So if I read
somebody's chakras--
I usually start a reading
by scanning their chakras.
And I can tell, by the
way the chakras are set,
what they're going to ask.
So what I think would be really
interesting is to do a research
experiment where people
write in and tell me maybe
they have a physical
disease or mental disease.
>>NOORY: Or bad luck.
>>CIELO: Or bad luck, anything.
And let me read your
chakras and then tell me
what your disease is.
And then I can
start to correlate,
oh when a Homo sapien's
chakras are set this way,
this is likely what's going to
result. It's so fascinating.
>>NOORY: Tell me
about the program
you run for people to access
their psychic and clairvoyant
gifts.
>>CIELO: Thank you.
Thanks for letting me.
Well again, it all starts
with mastery of our own energy
field, to be able to
sit inside of ourselves.
And who we are reading
is way over there.
So getting comfortable.
And that would mean to be
able to control your energy
and your information.
So if I'm reading
you and you ask
me to scan your body
for cancer, well Lauren
has been told that
Lauren's probably
going to die of cancer too.
So if I start to go, oh my
gosh, George just asked me
about cancer, do I have it?
Now, I can't read you.
>>NOORY: You can't.
Really?
>>CIELO: I've got to keep my
energy fields set and calm.
So that's the first thing.
And that's really the
most challenging part
because the technique is
so metaphysically sound
that it sets your energy field
to where you're basically
a really neutral
psychic reading machine.
So as long as you
stay balanced--
and there's a lot of tools that
help you during the reading
if you feel you're
losing your space.
But the actual reading
of somebody else
is very, very easy once you've
mastered your own field.
And I'll say in eight weeks--
I teach a six month program.
In eight weeks, students
are reading fluently
like they've been reading
their whole lives.
>>NOORY: Truly amazing.
Why are some people better
than others with this ability?
>>CIELO: I think it has to
do maybe with motivation.
I definitely thought--
>>NOORY: What about belief?
>>CIELO: Maybe belief.
But I'll tell you, by the
time somebody gets to me
and is asking questions
about how to get trained,
they pretty much do believe.
>>NOORY: Some time
ago I interviewed
noted author Jeffrey Mishlove
about intuitive abilities.
This guy's incredible.
Tell us, first of all, what your
gut tells you about intuition.
What is it?
>>JEFFREY MISHLOVE: Intuition
is the natural ability
of the human mind to directly
perceive reality around us.
>>NOORY: Taught by what?
How do we get this ability?
>>MISHLOVE: We're born with it.
I mean, this is how children
learn a language, for example.
They don't go to school
to learn how to speak.
They pick it up.
It's very natural.
But as we get older, especially
as we become more schooled,
we develop our
other capabilities.
Our logical mind takes
precedence over intuition,
often to our own detriment.
>>NOORY: Why are some
people better at intuition
than others?
>>MISHLOVE: Well, sometimes it's
just sort of beaten out of you.
If you're a young
boy, you probably
remember this yourself.
Big boys don't cry.
>>NOORY: I'm not supposed to.
>>MISHLOVE: Yeah, don't be in
touch with your inner feelings.
>>NOORY: I think I get more
emotional the older I get,
by the way.
>>MISHLOVE: Yeah, sure.
It's because we allow ourselves
to get in touch a little more
with the inner child,
which you could
say that's the intuitive part.
>>NOORY: How many
people, though,
do not act on their intuition?
And something happens to them
and they go, oh, I knew it.
I knew it.
>>MISHLOVE: Doesn't
that happen often?
>>NOORY: All the time.
>>MISHLOVE: Yeah, our culture
is heavily out of balance.
We emphasize the sensational.
We emphasize the intellect.
We emphasize emotions,
but intuition
is the least emphasized
of our human talents.
>>NOORY: What do
you think of that?
>>CIELO: I absolutely agree.
He said it much
better than I did.
>>NOORY: No, you do a
good job doing it too.
>>CIELO: Thank you.
>>NOORY: But he's into that.
>>CIELO: Yeah, if
you have chakras--
and everybody does--
then you're psychic.
>>NOORY: And where are the
chakra points on our body?
>>CIELO: The crown, third eye,
throat, heart, solar plexus,
second, and first.
>>NOORY: How many
chakras do we have?
>>CIELO: Well, seven main ones.
>>NOORY: And can you
tell if somebody's
sick by feeling their chakras?
>>CIELO: Well, what I could
do to feel their energy,
either I'll step in,
and that was pretty much
the clairsentience, where
I'll step in and go,
what does this feel like
to be you right now?
So I think that, I don't
know, moving more and more
towards the potential
of humanity,
of what each individual
person is capable of,
I think we have gifts that we
don't even have names for yet.
So more exciting stuff's coming.
>>NOORY: Is it easier for
you to read other people,
or to read yourself?
>>CIELO: Other people.
Other people that I don't know--
and I'll say this, but
it doesn't sound as bad
as it really is-- that
I don't care about.
And what that means
is that I don't have
investment in their contracts.
If you want to do this
or that, that's fine.
I'm neutral and I'll
read it for you.
>>NOORY: What do you say
about people who say,
I knew this was going to happen.
I just knew it.
>>CIELO: I think that's
the most frustrating thing.
Well maybe this, to
know something and not
prepare for it.
We all get those bolts of
information where we're like,
oh my gosh, something's
going to happen,
but not to prepare for it or
to act on that information,
and then when it does happen,
you kind of beat yourself up.
So anytime I get that flash
of intuition on something,
I take steps.
For example, I
adopted two kittens.
And I was playing
with the kittens.
In my mind, I was
thinking, oh it's
so great you're going to
get to grow up together.
And I instantly knew
that one of them
was going to pass
really, really early.
>>NOORY: You felt that?
>>CIELO: It came crashing.
I knew it.
I wasn't thinking about it.
And all of a sudden, I was
like, oh my gosh, one of them
is going to die really young.
So I loved those kittens
as much as I could
every day until
one of them died.
And one did.
>>NOORY: I've had a guest
on "Coast to Coast."
His name is Joseph Gallenberger.
And he has done
experiments in Las Vegas
with two sets of folks.
He has two groups, a happy
group and a very unhappy group.
And he tells me that almost
every time, the unhappy group
leaves Las Vegas losers,
but the happy people,
the happy go lucky people,
always seem to win.
Now, what does that have
to do with intuition
and clairvoyancey?
Something's going on here.
>>CIELO: You know what
I really think it Is?
I think it's being in
connection with your contracts.
So if I know that my higher
self is always writing really
fun contracts,
like coming to Gaia
and talking to
George Noory, then
my perception of all
the energy in my field
is the cup is always half full.
This is great.
I'm writing connection
with my higher self.
But when you're
not in connection,
you're like, well, why
hasn't this happened for me?
And when is this
going to happen?
And why can I do that?
So the energy in our
field is cup half empty.
So no matter what
you're experiencing,
whether you win or not, you're
still not going to be happy.
>>NOORY: How do you do this
self reading of your own body?
>>CIELO: Well first of all,
I'm very aware of Lauren now,
much more than I ever was.
More of my awareness comes
into Lauren because--
>>NOORY: Physically
and mentally?
>>CIELO: Energetically.
So if the size of me that
comes into Lauren is this big,
now it's getting
bigger and bigger.
I feel more
comfortable in Lauren
because I've done a
lot of energy work
and I've tried to make
it a safe place in here.
So that helps in a lot of ways.
Again, to see that what's
unfolding around us
is a miracle.
It's not that we're
on our demise.
>>NOORY: Is there anything
that could go awry,
anything that could
go wrong when you
do this self-check of yourself?
>>CIELO: Probably not.
>>NOORY: Or get
misinterpreted or something?
>>CIELO: Probably not go
awry, but you miss things.
That's a big problem.
It's called unconsciousness
and humans are great at it.
It's like when you're
talking to friends
and they say, oh you always
do this, and you're like,
I never do that.
And they laugh at
you because you
don't know you always do it.
So that's what I think is
really the biggest problem,
is that people are unconscious
to what's in their field.
So as you start to sit down
and move in and say hello
to yourself and get
to know yourself
from the seventh layer of your
aura in, then life is easier.
>>NOORY: Much easier?
>>CIELO: Much easier.
Much.
>>NOORY: How often
can you tap into this,
whatever we're tapping into--
>>CIELO: That's
a great question.
>>NOORY: --to make this work?
>>CIELO: I spend most
of my time stopping it.
>>NOORY: It happens that often?
>>CIELO: I'm pretty much
blocked off energetically
from everybody else.
And it started when I was on
your radio show the first time.
I think my website had 100,000
hits in an hour and I felt it.
I was so uncomfortable.
So I had to really
beef up my tools that
keep me energetically
separate from other people.
So that's one of the ways
that I think I'm thriving.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
Since you've been doing
this, and how many
years have you been that now?
>>CIELO: 15.
>>NOORY: 15 years?
Have you seen a
difference with yourself?
>>CIELO: Absolutely.
Are you kidding?
I have changed.
And I noticed this
trip, coming here--
I've been here several times--
and I'm really relaxed.
I'm in my body.
I'm enjoying it so much more.
>>NOORY: You're excited
about it, aren't you?
>>CIELO: I was
excited, very excited.
Instead of thinking,
OK, this is work.
I got to do this,
step one, step two.
I'm like, I'm just going
to relax and enjoy it.
And I do think that the older
we get, the better life gets.
>>NOORY: And what
do we call all this?
What Is the term for
this clairvoyant ability?
>>CIELO: I think it's
just your natural senses.
And we've been taught
five bodies since--
>>NOORY: Are these
god-given senses?
>>CIELO: They're anatomy.
Yeah, so when Homo
sapien was designed,
it was designed into
the Homo sapien.
>>NOORY: So there's
nothing unusual about this?
>>CIELO: No, I think it's
more unusual not to use it.
And maybe that's why we've
kind of gotten ourselves
into the situation we're in.
>>NOORY: You think animals
have this ability too?
>>CIELO: Yes, absolutely.
>>NOORY: They do.
They can sense things sometimes
better than we, I think.
>>CIELO: Absolutely.
How many times your dog or
cat looking up in the corner?
>>NOORY: Yeah, that's something.
>>CIELO: That's
something or someone.
>>NOORY: Or animals
during a tsunami.
They head for the hills
way before anybody
has an opportunity to
know what's going on.
How do they sense this?
>>CIELO: I think because
their left brains aren't
overdeveloped like ours are.
They're still much more
watching the energy
that's moving through
them and around them.
And that's probably
a survival thing.
>>NOORY: When
somebody comes to you,
Lauren, for a reading,
what are they looking for?
What kind of answers
are they seeking?
>>CIELO: My clients, if I
could put it in a nutshell,
I think they want to know how
to help themselves and others
the most.
What can they do?
What one or two
steps could they do
that would help
the most the most?
>>NOORY: Can we use
this to help the planet?
>>CIELO: Absolutely.
Like I said, instead of
watching small trends,
whether they're economic or
political or social, when
you start to use
your clairvoyance,
you're reading from
such a high perspective
that you start to see Earth
history in like millennias, not
election cycles or
fiscal quarters.
So it gives you a
much bigger view
of what's happening to
our planet in relation
to the whole universe.
>>NOORY: Is the one as
powerful as the many,
or do you have to
have a group of people
in order to change things?
>>CIELO: I think we're
all changing things
whether we realize it or not.
And I'll just say this.
That you would not
be on this planet
right now if you hadn't
purposefully incarnated
for the change that's coming.
So if you're here,
you're a light worker.
That's why you came.
And I remember
when I was younger,
I had this feeling that
something really big
was going to happen
in my lifetime.
I didn't know what,
and I was afraid of it
and hoped for it
at the same time.
Maybe I still feel that way.
But we're right
up against it now.
So for everybody
listening, everything
that you've been
through has trained you,
has made you ready for what
we're doing going forward.
So it might be best to think
that you're not depleted,
that you're building energy
towards where we're going next.
Because we're right on the
cusp of a great new way
of living together and
interacting with our planet.
So it's full speed ahead.
>>NOORY: For somebody who comes
to you for training, what is it
about what has happened
to them in their life
to even necessitate that?
What has happened to them?
>>CIELO: I think
it's "unknowingness".
It's not understanding
why things are happening.
And I don't know how,
but in learning to read
and reading for so long
and reading so many people,
I've been able, I
think, to piece together
what's really going on here
instead of, again, obsessing
about the daily activities, like
how much money is in your bank
or what your boyfriend
or girlfriend's doing.
So students that
come in, they want
to see the world in a
different perspective.
Maybe they're tired of the
world their parents lived in.
And we know we're
going into a new world.
So maybe people want to be
able to see that new world
from a clairvoyant perspective.
>>NOORY: And do they?
Do they ultimately open
up their eyes to see this?
>>CIELO: The biggest
thing in training someone
is that when they finally catch
on to what clairvoyance is,
it was just like my reaction.
This is it?
I could totally do this.
This is so easy.
>>NOORY: I should have
been doing it for years.
You really can change your
life if you tap into it
and do it well.
>>CIELO: Yes, and you can
not just change your life,
but change the whole creation.
>>NOORY: How much of it,
Lauren, is common sense?
>>CIELO: That's a
really good question
because a lot of times when I'm
reading, the answers they get
are not common sense at all.
If we think of our common
sense as how our society has
programmed us, then I
remember this one time
I was talking to
Ankaijia, and I said--
>>NOORY: Who?
>>CIELO: Ankaijia.
>>NOORY: Who's Ankaijia?
>>CIELO: He's the spirit
guide I work with.
He's the one that does
all the heavy lifting.
I just read.
He goes over and does
all the healings.
>>NOORY: Is he a human
or is he's in the--
>>CIELO: Yeah, he's
an invisible person.
>>NOORY: How do
we get that name?
>>CIELO: I'll tell you what,
it took me forever to get
that name when I first met him.
It's actually two
names put together
from two different lifetimes.
So once I got that, he's
very, very comical guy.
>>NOORY: He's like a
spirit guide for you?
>>CIELO: Well, his
title is healing master.
So everyone that I train
gets a healing master.
So we're the readers.
And so when we're
reading something
and we see something
that needs to change,
we send our healing
master into the image.
And we can tell how
well the healing went,
if the energy is moved or not.
And really what's great about
it is that the healing master
works when I don't.
So I'll look at you for
half an hour or an hour,
but what's really
happening in those readings
is your higher self is signing
more contracts with Ankaijia
to walk around and follow
you on the Earth plane
and to keep working on
whatever we saw in the reading.
So I really am just
the mouthpiece.
He's the healer.
>>NOORY: What do you say to
somebody, Lauren, who says,
oh come on, clairvoyancey?
Nah, rubbish.
It doesn't work.
How do you change
a non-believer?
>>CIELO: I think their
life has to change.
The contracts that
their higher self--
>>NOORY: Because it's
not about you, is it?
It's about them.
>>CIELO: Exactly.
So for those of us who have been
wounded, have had a hard time
or want to understand more
about what's really happening,
that's what drives us into
the clairvoyance and all
the other spiritual techniques.
>>NOORY: Tell me about
dreams in clairvoyancey.
>>CIELO: Yeah, so people have me
read their dreams all the time.
That's one of the big things.
I saw this dream.
Could you interpret it?
And there's usually
two parts of a dream.
There's the part that is actual
experiences that are happening
on the astral, and then
even in that same dream,
there's daily processing of what
the Homo sapien went through
during the day.
So to be able to
kind of pull out
from the dream what's a real
astral experience and what's
just kind of brain doing a dump.
And once we do that,
then the person
understands what
part of the dream
is really the message
and the other part that's
just not to really be deciphered
or worried about maybe.
>>NOORY: It works.
It truly does work.
What message would you like
people to take with them,
watching this show for example?
>>CIELO: Well I think now,
it's easiest to really optimize
yourself.
We have pushed out in
so many directions,
whether it's physical
health or emotional health
or mental or spiritual.
So now is the time
to really optimize.
And when I think about
optimizing human performance
and experience, I'm
talking about it
from a very granular
metaphysical standpoint where
each chakra is activating and
working as well as possible.
And they're all optimized.
So again, I think
we haven't even
tapped into what humans can do.
So we need bigger
language because we
can't think of anything
until we have words.
So there's probably
a lot of gifts
that you and I have that
go unnoticed because we
don't have a word for them.
So just watch the next 20 years.
You're going to see
some breakthroughs.
Actually, I have clients that
are trying to bring together
the technology of today
with all the metaphysics
that the quantum physicists
are bringing out.
So in the next
couple decades, we
are going to see things that,
well, our grandparents would
have never thought possible.
>>NOORY: What has been
in your career, what
are the most remarkable
healing stories that you've
come across involving
you, of course.
>>CIELO: I had a client come
in and she had one question
and one question only.
And the question
was, will I ever find
happiness in this life?
And what ended up happening with
her asking that one question is
she decided to take my program.
She's a clairvoyant now.
She's also a real estate
agent and a wife and a mother.
>>NOORY: And is happy?
>>CIELO: She sells more
houses using her clairvoyance
than she ever did before.
She's able to match
clients with properties,
able to go into the background
to help negotiate the deals.
So this person came
to me as a woman
who was suffering
from child abuse
and didn't know she would
ever enjoy her life.
She was married and had
children at the time
and was a real estate agent.
>>NOORY: But not happy.
>>CIELO: Not happy.
And now, everything has changed.
She's on a forward
lean of her life.
She actually is
grateful for the abuse
that she suffered as a child
because of where she's at now.
>>NOORY: She's learned it.
>>CIELO: I couldn't imagine
a bigger shift in somebody's
life, from going from,
will I ever be happy to
will this happiness ever end.
>>NOORY: So if somebody
wants to get a hold of you,
if they want a training program,
if they want to learn this,
what do they do?
>>CIELO: Probably either
go to laurencielo.com.
>>NOORY: Spell it out for us?
>>CIELO:
L-A-U-R-E-N-C-I-E-L-O.com
or goldenrosepsychic.com.
And my programs start
about every three months.
>>NOORY: Are they intense?
>>CIELO: They're super fun.
They're childlike.
>>NOORY: Really?
>>CIELO: Absolutely.
There's no mastery.
If you think you have to
work hard, might want to--
>>NOORY: Can you do it like via
Zoom or something like that?
>>CIELO: Oh yes, I
don't do anything really
live at all, everything.
I don't know the position
you've put me in.
Most of my clients are
all over the world.
>>NOORY: Well, that's great.
>>CIELO: I know.
>>NOORY: We've built that
up for you, didn't we?
>>CIELO: You did.
Thank you.
>>NOORY: Well, you deserve it.
Your message was important
to get out to people.
And I've always felt,
Lauren, that if you
can help one person, not
100,000, not a million,
but if you can help
just one, it's worth it
because you saved the soul.
>>CIELO: That's it.
And who they'll touch.
They'll do the
multiplying for you.
>>NOORY: Are there
certain times of the year
where the clairvoyant ability
is better than another time?
When things are like
jovial during Christmas,
are we more clairvoyant
or it doesn't matter?
>>CIELO: I haven't really
noticed a seasonal difference.
If I pulled way back
and we're looking
at currents that were
coming through space, maybe
through outer space hitting
the planet or energies that
are welling up from inside
the planet coming out,
it would probably be more
accurate to track clairvoyance
on those cycles versus
just seasonal of the Earth.
>>NOORY: Lauren, thanks for
being on "Beyond Belief."
>>CIELO: Gosh, thank
you so much, George.
Pleasure.
>>NOORY: It's always
fun to talk with you.
>>CIELO: It is.
Thank you.
>>NOORY: Clairvoyancey is
just an amazing ability.
We all have it.
Well, we need a little
training to really magnify it.
And I'll make a
prediction right now.
You're loving this show.
Thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."
[THEME MUSIC]